Updated link to App Center sign up page (#339)
microsoft/azuredevopslabs: labs/vstsextend/appcenter/README.md

## Overview

> [Visual Studio App Center](https://appcenter.ms/signup?utm_source=Azure%20DevOps%20Lab&utm_medium=Azure) is an integrated mobile development lifecycle solution for iOS, Android, Windows and macOS apps. It brings together multiple services commonly used by mobile developers, including build, test, distribute, monitor, diagnose , etc., into one single integrated cloud solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Visual Studio App Center](https://appcenter.ms/signup?utm_source=Azure%20DevOps%20Lab&utm_medium=Azure) is an integrated mobile development lifecycle solution for iOS, Android, Windows and macOS apps. It brings together multiple services commonly used by mobile developers, including build, test, distribute, monitoring, diagnostics , etc., into one single integrated cloud solution.
```

> [Visual Studio App Center](https://appcenter.ms/signup?utm_source=Azure%20DevOps%20Lab&utm_medium=Azure) is an integrated mobile development lifecycle solution for iOS, Android, Windows and macOS apps. It brings together multiple services commonly used by mobile developers, including build, test, distribute, monitoring, diagnostics , etc., into one single integrated cloud solution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Visual Studio App Center](https://appcenter.ms/signup?utm_source=Azure%20DevOps%20Lab&utm_medium=Azure) is an integrated mobile development lifecycle solution for iOS, Android, Windows and macOS apps. It brings together multiple services commonly used by mobile developers, including build, test, distribute, monitoring, diagnostics, etc., into one single integrated cloud solution.
```
